Hello everyone and welcome to the social cloning project part 10.
Now that we have our views for the Post's app and the Eurostar profile complete let's create the template
HTL files for the Post's pages.
Once that is complete we can begin to debug in the next lecture.
All right.
Let's hop over to the editor and get started.
All right so what I got ahead and done is under the Post's application or other templates under post
I have the html files so we created earlier in the section of the course.
Now we're going to do start off by editing post underscore Baystate HMO.
This is the post based file.
So first we're going to extend from our initial base that each team which has the navigation bar.
And we're going to do a really similar thing here just like we did with the group based its HTML file.
Let's create a block and this block is going to be called content.
And then inside of this I'm going to create a class and this will be the Post's page in case I ever
want to edit this.
And then inside of that I'll create a container and then inside of that I'll create a row and then what
we're gonna do here is just have three blocks and it's going to be just like we did with the groups
they'll be pre-post the post content and then post post so pre-post and then I'm just going to delete
this blank space and copy and paste this.
So this should look really familiar to you after we did the group base.
So pre-post.
And then this is going to be called Post underscore content and then we'll call Post Post kind of a
weird fortune with the words there but that's OK.
And that's basically all you have to do with the post underscore base smell file just like we did with
the group based the ex-teammate File.
Coming up next we're going to do is create the post form.
So I'm going to open up post underscore form.
H Tim L.
And this is the email template that's linked to creating a new post.
We're going to say extends from post slash post.
They start each team L and then we're going to load bootstrap 3.
And hopefully this feels really familiar to you because this is essentially just like that group form
page and then we're going to have our block and that will be the post content that we're going to say
age 4 or age 3 whatever you want create a new post and then we'll insert a form here.
And the class we actually will just give this ID in case we ever want to mess around with it.
Just be post form id and then the action is going to go back to your old template there's going to be
Yoro posts create and then we're going to say method is POSSO that's all we need here inside of the
actual form.
We need a couple of things one as always is Earthsea SRF tokin.
Then we're going to actually call our form.
So let's do that with a template tag.
And this reason bootstrap three resequence say bootstrap underscore form make this look nice and then
pass and form.
Once you've done that which is the input button.
So have the input button the type is submit the name that doesn't really need a name the value will
give it the value of post so it can connect to it later.
Then let's go ahead and give it a class based off some bootstrap things so say between between primary
and a lot of this is really up to you by and large just style calls and that's all we have to do for
the post form.
So far everything is looking really similar to what we did with the group's application.
The post base is really similar to that group base and then post forum really similar to the group forum.
Now let's move on to the actual post list.
H T.M..
So again this is the post lists the html file the one I'm working in right now and we're going to do
here is start off by extending to say extends post slash posts underscore based h tim L and then we're
going to call our blocks or block we'll say pre post content and we'll start off here by saying div
class call M.D dash 4.
Then the next thing I want to do is check if a user is actually authenticated.
So what I can do here is say if and here I need to call the request user is authenticated.
And then inside of that we're going to say create a div class and we're going to use some kind of bootstrap
stuff so card with shadow.
Again this is all really styling calls so you don't have to do it this way.
In fact you can just do no classes if you kind of wave a good idea of the bare bones content and then
adding classes as you get more and more familiar bootstrap.
But inside of this we'll have a whip's a title that we can later edit and this is just going to say
your group's.
So if the users log then we want to list out their groups and then we're going to say create an unordered
list and we'll give this a class list.
Onst I don't again you don't really need to follow along with his classes exactly.
The next thing we're going to do inside this unordered list is say for member score group and just be
a variable name whatever you want to call it in.
And so we're going to look a little familiar we'll say get user groups and you might be wondering this
looks a little familiar this underscore user groups.
So what that actually is is if you remember back on the groups application when we were working with
the models that PI file underneath groups we had this from Django import template register is equal
to template library.
And that actually allowed us to if we scroll down over here use this related name to actually grab that
and you can add the underscore to connect to the group member.
Now definitely check that documentation because this is more of an advanced thing but basically that
allows us to do a link from the post to the group member.
So we'll come back to post list.
And now we're saying for member group and get user groups.
Essentially if you're a user for every group that you're actually a member of where we're going to do
is create a list item and that's going to be an anchor tag inside of that.
And essentially it's just going to say your L groups single the slug let's make sure that's in single
quotes and spaced out correctly for the slug here is equal to member underscore group dot group dot
slug.
OK.
So basically grabbing the member group inside of all the users groups and then grabbing that group off
of that model and then grabbing slug off for that group.
So that's what that entire line is doing when me collapse tree so you can see the whole thing a little
better.
Definitely a more advanced call there.
And what I'm going to do is add a class to that list element.
So it just looks a little nicer in the future.
So let's make this class equal to.
And we're going say group and then add on Ally with bullet save that and then that's going to end our
for loop and that will be the end of an ordered list.
And we're going to keep going down until we get to that end if.
OK.
So so far we have that little view where someone can see all the groups that they belong to and then
we're going to continue on after this.
And if we'll create another div and we'll say Card card with chateau than inside of this will create
a div the class call will be contents and then we'll say heading 5 and we'll give this a class equal
to title and this will be just all groups in the same unordered list.
And inside let's give this a class B list list dash and style in case we ever edit that.
And here we're going to say is another for loop.
We'll say for other group in get underscore other underscore groups create a list elements and then
we will say create anchor tag where the reference is going to be the following.
All groups single essentially we just did.
The slug is equal to make sure that single quotes there correctly go where that slug is equal to other
group slug.
So there I'm not actually calling a member group so I don't need to call other group that group the
group itself is right here and there other group.
OK now we'll end the four and let's also give this list a nice class that looks a little nicer.
So this list element is going to have a class equal to group and we'll say ally with a bullet.
And say that if a bullet and then end that for a loop then finally all the way past this unordered list
and all the lives right after this end block we're going to scroll down and create another block here.
So will say block post content and then inside of this we'll say div class and this is going to be called
to call M.D 8.
Now we're going to save for the post in post list.
We will inject that underscore post which we're going to work on in just a little bit.
We'll say include.
We've actually already seen this before in the groups pages will say posts underscore poster T.M. and
then save that.
So here include are going to be able to inject post H.C. email and we have these two basic things one
is checking if the request geezer's authenticated.
We have that list right here of those member groups.
OK saving that.
Let's move along.
I'm going to close this.
So let's deal with the actual underscore.
Post to each team l file.
Since I just down here said include it so I will open up.
Underscore postdates e-mails underscore post.
H Tim L that I'm about to do.
Let's underscore again find your underscore postdates kill file and then hear what you will do is we
actually don't need to extend from because we know we're directly going to inject this right here we're
not going to have it be part of a full page by itself.
So in that case we actually don't need say extends.
Instead we basically start right where we want to which is going to be something like a div so have
a div here and then the heading 3 is going to just be the post message.
Each T.M. and then we want it to be safe so that it looks good we'll say DIVX and we'll give this class
media abody
and then we'll have a strong call here are bulled it doesn't really matter.
We've post user the user name.
It's the actual name of the person here that's going to be the at symbol and then we'll have H5 and
let's give this a class of media heading.
And again we may or may not use all these classes really up to you that after that we're going to have
a span and then we will say let's give this band a class for user name OK.
And then inside of this we will say give an anchor tag that anchor tag.
It's going to be a URL reference so you are l two posts.
Make sure that's in quotes posts for the user.
So that's essentially a link to that actual user's individual posts and then or the user name is equal
to post user or user name.
OK so what does that actually mean.
Well basically we're going to have the post message and then whoever wrote the post that means the actual
username and then if you click on that username which is going to be something like Jose or at Sindy
etcetera whatever their username is it will take you to all the posts for up to kill user.
And this essentially is the link between clicking on someone's name and then viewing their quote unquote
profile.
In our case the profile is really simple it's just a list of all the user's posts.
OK.
So that ends that span the next you're going to do is create a little time tag.
So the time tag is actually going to allow us to post the time and that's going to essentially indicate
what time was this post created.
So we'll give this class equal to time in case we ever want to edit that.
And then inside of this will be in other anchor tag and then we'll say Tref And let's just have this
take you back to your L posts single where the user name is equal to postop user the user name where
the primary key is equal to the post primary key.
Okay great then we can actually kind of close that off in case it's getting too long and that will end
that time and then all we should do is actually paste this whole thing inside of the heading when we
grab that closing tag and paste it right here.
There we go.
And then we have our div tags.
So let's continue on by right after this.
H5 we're going to create a new div and we'll give it again media filter class filter and we're going
to say if inside of this if statement I will check if the user is authenticated.
So if the user is authenticated and they also want to confirm that not only is the user a log then but
the actual post is it the users post.
So I want to say and if Post user is equal to the current user.
So if those two things are true then this person should be able to delete the post.
Which means we're going to have an anchor tag here and we'll send them to your all of posts delete where
the primary key is equal to postop primary key.
OK and then let's go ahead and give this couple of more things here.
You can also give something like a title if you really wanted to.
So we could say title delete and then let's also give this a class.
So I was getting a little too far going to continue if they could take their class this will just be
a basic class between BT and dash simple it's a simple button there.
And then inside of this let's actually create a spam's we can call a glyph icon I'll say class and then
glyph icon glyph I can remove text danger and then we're also going to say oops that's it in school
too true.
And basically you may have seen hidden before but you haven't seen a are I a hit.
So what that is that's accessible rich Internet applications and that finds a way to make the Web content
in web applications more accessible to people with disabilities.
So basically what happens is if certain people have disabilities they have screen readers so they kind
of hover their mouse or they open up a window and it starts reading stuff for them.
So instead of just saying hidden for people with those disabilities are using the screen readers we
have this ere are I a cache hidden.
And basically what that means is the hidden attribute that's new and each team of five it tells browsers
not to display the element and this particular one tells screen readers to ignore the element and not
read it out loud.
So again this is actually just kind of keeping an eye on people with disabilities and putting it in
their.
So let's continue along after that.
We're going to just create the actual delete.
So we'll see span let's not Spain.
Make sure to right that again.
Spam and let's give this a class equal to text.
Dash danger icon dash label and will say delete.
That's going to be the end if there.
And that's it for this underscore post.
So you should have three closing divs after that.
At the very bottom.
OK.
So that's it for underscore.
Post.
We saw a couple of more things.
Do we finished underscore post Finnis post underscore ascorbate CML haven't confirmed delete.
So let's take care of that now.
That was pretty straightforward.
We're going to do is say extends post slash post base lips each T.M. and then we're going to say a block
of post content.
Let's create a heading three asking something like Are you sure you want to delete this post.
Questionmark then inside of this will say DIVX and loops enter and then we'll say class posts.
And this is where we're going to include to include
PPO's slash underscore poster each symbol and then we can say it with post equal to object and then
we'll say hide delete equal to true.
We make sure that an XLE doubles here.
OK so there's a little include inside of that div.
So I actually kind of includes a poster going to delete and then finally we need our form so the form
doesn't need a class C we need an action.
We just need a method to post Ticken a quick C S a token and then will say input type is submit essentially
just saying yes I want to delete.
We can give it a value of confirmed delete just to make it really obvious to the user that they're about
to delete their posts confirm deletes and then skip this class good class.
Probably danger button and let's give it large So we have this beauty in beauty and danger between large
and will create a link here.
For your L posts single is essentially going to be the cancelbot that we're building out.
User name is equal to user not user name since we know they have to be logged in to even reach this
page and then primary key will just be object the primary key.
Actually just the way to go back and let's make sure it's spelt right.
You are l.
Go so they can either hit this or confirm the input button which submits that the DO want delete this
which is linked to our delete view or they have this cancel button which supposed to be essentially
a link here and then let's say cancel OK perfect and actually we need to give this a class.
It looks good.
So instead of this anchor tag I'm going to give the class it will have that class speak to say between
batin dashed simple beats and large between the thoughts.
It just keeps attacking them.
That really doesn't matter.
OK.
So that's looking good.
That's the end of our form.
That should be in the book.
So there is the confirmed delete essentially just saying OK you want to delete this if not take them
back to that actual post the individual post the tell you.
OK speaking of detail.
That's one of the ones you have left.
We have post forum posts list and we selected a user post list which is going to be really similar post
list.
But let's take out that post the till page first.
Luckily for us we actually took care of a lot of that work.
So we just need to extend from post posts underscore base HTL and then say give a block of post underscore
content create a div class of call dash.
The Dash 8.
And then we're just going to include post slash underscore postdates smell.
That's all we have to do because basically all the heavy lifting of the actual post detail page was
done an underscore posterized C.M. perfect.
So we're going to have that ready to go.
Then we have post four minutes ago post list and we just need the user post lists which is actually
quite simple.
So a user post list is going to extends from posts underscore posts based T.M. will have a block here
for the pre-post and then inside of this we'll have a div and let's make this be call M.D for
each one and we'll say it's call say post user dot username.
So that actually shows the user name before the post.
You can also put this above the post isn't really meant or below the post so either above or below the
post where we prefer these names.
That's fine.
We're going to say block post content.
We're created for this.
And the class is going to be call dash.
The Dash 8 is going to be a for loop that says for post in post underscore list.
What we'll do is include Post forward slash underscore poster HTL say that and then that's actually
it for user post list.
OK.
So definitely did a lot of the heavy lifting for the templates.
This is stuff that is really easy to make a typo and I'm sure I've made one.
Along the way which you're going to be the bugging in just a little bit.
So in the very next lecture we're going to do is make sure all our settings and our migrations are ready
to go and then we'll start debugging.
Definitely check against the provided note files to make sure that everything you have matches up with
those no files.
Thanks everyone and I'll see if the next lecture.